feat: add charmlibs.interfaces package and update CI accordingly (#110)
canonical/charmlibs: interfaces/.package/README.md

# charmlibs-interfaces

This package should not be installed - it exists solely to reserve the `charmlibs.interfaces` namespace.

> This namespace is for packages designed to be used by [Juju charms](https://juju.is/charms-architecture) to implement [relations](https://documentation.ubuntu.com/ops/latest/howto/manage-relations/), known as charm interface libraries. Visit the [charmlibs documentation site](https://documentation.ubuntu.com/charmlibs) for more information about charm libraries, and the [charmlibs monorepo](https://github.com/canonical/charmlibs) for charm library development.

Reviewer: I might bump the "Juju charms" and "relations" links down to the "see more" bullets, as we probably want our audience to focus on the charmlibs links.

An even more minor thing - I'd probably drop "site" from the "charmlibs documentation site" link.

Author: I think the main audience for this readme are lost people, so I'd like to lead wih the top-level context about Juju and charms.
```suggestion
This namespace is for packages designed to be used by [Juju charms](https://juju.is/charms-architecture) to implement [relations](https://documentation.ubuntu.com/ops/latest/howto/manage-relations/), known as charm interface libraries. Read the [charmlibs documentation](https://documentation.ubuntu.com/charmlibs) for more information about charm libraries.
```
